# 13.5 替代演示

**13.5 Alternate Presentations**

=== "中文"

=== "英文"

Beginning with PDF 1.4, a PDF document shall contain alternate presentations, which specify alternate ways in which the document may be viewed. The optional **AlternatePresentations** entry (PDF 1.4) in a document’s name dictionary (see [Table 31](../c7/s7.md#table31)) contains a name tree that maps name strings to the alternate presentations available for the document.

!!! note "NOTE 1"

    Since conforming readers are not required to support alternate presentations, authors of documents containing alternate presentations should define the files such that something useful and meaningful can be displayed and printed. For example, if the document contains an alternate presentation slideshow of a sequence of photographs, the photographs should be viewable in a static form by viewers that are not capable of playing the slideshow.

As of PDF 1.5, the only type of alternate presentation is a *slideshow*. Slideshows may be invoked by means of JavaScript actions (see [12.6.4.16], “JavaScript Actions”) initiated by user action on an interactive form element (see [12.7], “Interactive Forms”).

The following table shows the entries in a slideshow dictionary.

<table id="table297" markdown="span">
    <caption>**Table 297 – Entries in a slideshow dictionary**</caption>
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>**Key**</th>
            <th>**Type**</th>
            <th>**Value**</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>**Type**</td> 
            <td>name</td>
            <td>(Required; PDF 1.4) The type of PDF object that this dictionary describes; shall be **SlideShow** for a slideshow dictionary.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>**Subtype**</td> 
            <td>name</td>
            <td>(Required; PDF 1.4) The subtype of the PDF object that this dictionary describes; shall be **Embedded** for a slideshow dictionary.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>**Resources**</td> 
            <td>name tree</td>
            <td>(Required; PDF 1.4) A name tree that maps name strings to objects referenced by the alternate presentation.
                NOTE &emsp; Even though PDF treats the strings in the name tree as strings without a specified encoding, the slideshow shall interpret them as UTF-8 encoded Unicode.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>**StartResource**</td> 
            <td>byte string</td>
            <td>(Required; PDF 1.4) A byte string that shall match one of the strings in the **Resources** entry. It shall define the root object for the slideshow presentation.
            </td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

!!! note "NOTE 2"

    The **Resources** name tree represents a virtual file system to the slideshow. It associates strings (“file names”) with PDF objects that represent resources used by the slideshow. For example, a root stream may reference a file name, which would be looked up in the **Resources** name tree, and the corresponding object would be loaded as the file. (This virtual file system is flat; that is, there is no way to reference subfolders.)

!!! note "NOTE 3"

    Typically, images are stored in the document as image XObjects (see [8.9.5], “Image Dictionaries”), thereby allowing them to be shared between the standard PDF representation and the slideshow. Other media objects are stored or embedded file streams (see [7.11.4], “Embedded File Streams”).

To allow conforming readers to verify content against their own supported features all referenced objects shall
include a **Type** entry in their dictionary, even when the **Type** entry is normally optional for a given object.

!!! info "EXAMPLE"

    The following example illustrates the use of alternate presentation slideshows.
    
    ```text
    1 0 obj
        <</Type /Catalog
           /Pages 2 0 R
           /Names 3 0 R            % Indirect reference to name dictionary
        >>
    ...
    3 0 obj                        % The name dictionary
        <</AlternatePresentations 4 0 R >>
    endobj
    4 0 obj                         % The alternate presentations name tree
        <</Names [(MySlideShow) 5 0 R]>>
    endobj
    5 0 obj                        % The slideshow definition
        <</Type /SlideShow
           /Subtype /Embedded
           /Resources <</Names [ (mysvg.svg) 31 0R
                (abc0001.jpg) 35 0 R (abc0002.jpg) 36 0 R
                (mysvg.js) 61 0 R (mymusic.mp3) 65 0 R ]>>
           /StartResource (mysvg.svg)
        >>
    ...
    31 0 obj
        <</Type /Filespec              % The root object, which
           /F (mysvg.svg)              % points to an embedded file stream
           /EF <</F 32 0 R>>
        >>
    endobj
    32 0 obj                         % The embedded file stream
        <</Type /EmbeddedFile
           /Subtype /image#2Fsvg+xml
           /Length 72
        >>
        stream
            <?xml version="1.0" standalone="no"?>
            <svg><!-- Some SVG goes here--></svg>
        endstream
    endobj
    % ... other objects not shown
    ```

[12.7]: ../c12/s7.md

[7.11.4]: ../c7/s11.md#7114-嵌入式文件流
[8.9.5]: ../c8/s9.md#895-图片字典
[12.6.4.16]: ../c12/s6.md#126416-javascript-动作