# 12.6 行为

**12.6 Actions**

## 12.6.1 概述

**12.6.1 General**

=== "中文"
    
    In addition to jumping to a destination in the document, an annotation or outline item may specify an action (PDF 1.1) to perform, such as launching an application, playing a sound, changing an annotation’s appearance state. The optional **A** entry in the annotation or outline item dictionary (see [Tables 168](./s5.md#table168) and [153](./s3.md#table153)) specifies an action performed when the annotation or outline item is activated; in PDF 1.2, a variety of other circumstances may trigger an action as well (see [12.6.3], “Trigger Events”). In addition, the optional OpenAction entry in a document’s catalogue ([7.7.2], “Document Catalog”) may specify an action that shall be performed when the document is opened. PDF includes a wide variety of standard action types, described in detail in [12.6.4], “Action Types.”

=== "英文"
    
    In addition to jumping to a destination in the document, an annotation or outline item may specify an action (PDF 1.1) to perform, such as launching an application, playing a sound, changing an annotation’s appearance state. The optional **A** entry in the annotation or outline item dictionary (see [Tables 168](./s5.md#table168) and [153](./s3.md#table153)) specifies an action performed when the annotation or outline item is activated; in PDF 1.2, a variety of other circumstances may trigger an action as well (see [12.6.3], “Trigger Events”). In addition, the optional OpenAction entry in a document’s catalogue ([7.7.2], “Document Catalog”) may specify an action that shall be performed when the document is opened. PDF includes a wide variety of standard action types, described in detail in [12.6.4], “Action Types.”


## 12.6.2 行为字典

**12.6.2 Action Dictionaries**

=== "中文"

    An action dictionary defines the characteristics and behaviour of an action. Table 193 shows the required and optional entries that are common to all action dictionaries. The dictionary may contain additional entries specific to a particular action type; see the descriptions of individual action types in [12.6.4], “Action Types,” for details.
        
    <table id="table193" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 193 – Entries common to all action dictionaries**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**Type**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) Shall be **FixedPrint**.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; see [Table 194](#table194) for specific values.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Next**</td>
                <td>dictionary or array</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.2) The next action or sequence of actions that shall be performed after the action represented by this dictionary. The value is either a single action dictionary or an array of action dictionaries that shall be performed in order; see the Note for further discussion.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    !!! note "NOTE 1"
    
        The action dictionary’s **Next** entry (PDF 1.2) allows sequences of actions to be chained together. For example, the effect of clicking a link annotation with the mouse might be to play a sound, jump to a new page, and start up a movie. Note that the **Next** entry is not restricted to a single action but may contain an array of actions, each of which in turn may have a **Next** entry of its own. The actions may thus form a tree instead of a simple linked list. Actions within each **Next** array are executed in order, each followed in turn by any actions specified in its **Next** entry, and so on recursively. Conforming readers should attempt to provide reasonable behavior in anomalous situations. For example, self-referential actions should not be executed more than once, and actions that close the document or otherwise render the next action impossible should terminate the execution sequence. Applications should also provide some mechanism for the user to interrupt and manually terminate a sequence of actions.
    
    PDF 1.5 introduces transition actions, which allow the control of drawing during a sequence of actions; see [12.6.4.14], “Transition Actions.”
    
    !!! note "NOTE 2"
    
        No action should modify its own action dictionary or any other in the action tree in which it resides. The effect of such modification on subsequent execution of actions in the tree is undefined.

=== "英文"

    An action dictionary defines the characteristics and behaviour of an action. Table 193 shows the required and optional entries that are common to all action dictionaries. The dictionary may contain additional entries specific to a particular action type; see the descriptions of individual action types in [12.6.4], “Action Types,” for details.
        
    <table id="table193" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 193 – Entries common to all action dictionaries**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**Type**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) Shall be **FixedPrint**.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; see [Table 194](#table194) for specific values.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Next**</td>
                <td>dictionary or array</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.2) The next action or sequence of actions that shall be performed after the action represented by this dictionary. The value is either a single action dictionary or an array of action dictionaries that shall be performed in order; see the Note for further discussion.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    !!! note "NOTE 1"
    
        The action dictionary’s **Next** entry (PDF 1.2) allows sequences of actions to be chained together. For example, the effect of clicking a link annotation with the mouse might be to play a sound, jump to a new page, and start up a movie. Note that the **Next** entry is not restricted to a single action but may contain an array of actions, each of which in turn may have a **Next** entry of its own. The actions may thus form a tree instead of a simple linked list. Actions within each **Next** array are executed in order, each followed in turn by any actions specified in its **Next** entry, and so on recursively. Conforming readers should attempt to provide reasonable behavior in anomalous situations. For example, self-referential actions should not be executed more than once, and actions that close the document or otherwise render the next action impossible should terminate the execution sequence. Applications should also provide some mechanism for the user to interrupt and manually terminate a sequence of actions.
    
    PDF 1.5 introduces transition actions, which allow the control of drawing during a sequence of actions; see [12.6.4.14], “Transition Actions.”
    
    !!! note "NOTE 2"
    
        No action should modify its own action dictionary or any other in the action tree in which it resides. The effect of such modification on subsequent execution of actions in the tree is undefined.

## 12.6.3 触发事件

**12.6.3 Trigger Events**

=== "中文"

    An annotation, page object, or (beginning with PDF 1.3) interactive form field may include an entry named AA that specifies an *additional-actions dictionary* (PDF 1.2) that extends the set of events that can trigger the execution of an action. In PDF 1.4, the document catalogue dictionary (see [7.7.2], “Document Catalog”) may also contain an **AA** entry for trigger events affecting the document as a whole. Tables 194 to 197 show the contents of this type of dictionary.
    
    PDF 1.5 introduces four trigger events in annotation’s additional-actions dictionary to support multimedia presentations:
    
    - The PO and **PC** entries have a similar function to the **O** and **C** entries in the page object’s additional-actions dictionary (see [Table 194](#table194)). However, associating these triggers with annotations allows annotation objects to be self-contained.
    
    !!! info "EXAMPLE"
    
    Annotations containing such actions can be copied or moved between pages without requiring page open/close actions to be changed.
    
    - The **PV** and **PI** entries allow a distinction between pages that are open and pages that are visible. At any one time, while more than one page may be visible, depending on the page layout.
    
    !!! note "NOTE 1"
    
        For these trigger events, the values of the flags specified by the annotation’s **F** entry (see [12.5.3], “Annotation Flags”) have no bearing on whether a given trigger event occurs.
        
    <table id="table194" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 194 – Entries in an annotation’s additional-actions dictionary**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**E**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.2) An action that shall be performed when the cursor enters the annotation’s active area.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**X**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.2) An action that shall be performed when the cursor exits the annotation’s active area.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**D**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.2) An action that shall be performed when the mouse button is pressed inside the annotation’s active area.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**U**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.2) An action that shall be performed when the mouse button is released inside the annotation’s active area. <br/>
                    For backward compatibility, the **A** entry in an annotation dictionary, if present, takes precedence over this entry (see [Table 168](./s5.md#table168)).
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Fo**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.2; widget annotations only) An action that shall be performed when the annotation receives the input focus.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**BI**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.2; widget annotations only) (Uppercase B, lowercase L) An action that shall be performed when the annotation loses the input focus.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**PO**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.5) An action that shall be performed when the page containing the annotation is opened. <br/>
                EXAMPLE 1 &emsp; When the user navigates to it from the next or previous page or by means of a link annotation or outline item. <br/>
                The action shall be executed after the **O** action in the page’s additional-actions dictionary (see [Table 195](#table195)) and the **OpenAction** entry in the document **Catalog** (see [Table 28](../c7/s7.md#table28)), if such actions are present.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**PC**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.5) An action that shall be performed when the page containing the annotation is closed. <br/>
                EXAMPLE 2 &emsp; When the user navigates to the next or previous page, or follows a link annotation or outline item. <br/>
                The action shall be executed before the **C** action in the page’s additional-actions dictionary (see [Table 195](#table195)), if present.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**PV**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.5) An action that shall be performed when the page containing the annotation becomes visible.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**PI**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.5) An action that shall be performed when the page containing the annotation is no longer visible in the conforming reader’s user interface.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
        
    <table id="table195" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 195 – Entries in a page object’s additional-actions dictionary**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**O**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.2) An action that shall be performed when the page is opened (for example, when the user navigates to it from the next or previous page or by means of a link annotation or outline item). This action is independent of any that may be defined by the **OpenAction** entry in the document **Catalog** (see [7.7.2], “Document Catalog”) and shall be executed after such an action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**C**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.2) An action that shall be performed when the page is closed (for example, when the user navigates to the next or previous page or follows a link annotation or an outline item). This action applies to the page being closed and shall be executed before any other page is opened.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
        
    <table id="table196" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 196 – Entries in a form field’s additional-actions dictionary**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**K**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.3) A JavaScript action that shall be performed when the user modifies a character in a text field or combo box or modifies the selection in a scrollable list box. This action may check the added text for validity and reject or modify it.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**F**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.3) A JavaScript action that shall be performed before the field is formatted to display its value. This action may modify the field’s value before formatting.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**V**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.3) A JavaScript action that shall be performed when the field’s value is changed. This action may check the new value for validity. (The name V stands for “validate.”)
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**C**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.3) A JavaScript action that shall be performed to recalculate the value of this field when that of another field changes. (The name C stands for “calculate.”) The order in which the document’s fields are recalculated shall be defined by the **CO** entry in the interactive form dictionary (see [12.7.2], “Interactive Form Dictionary”).
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
        
    <table id="table197" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 197 – Entries in the document catalog’s additional-actions dictionary**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**WC**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.4) A JavaScript action that shall be performed before closing a document. (The name **WC** stands for “will close.”)
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**WS**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.4) A JavaScript action that shall be performed before saving a document. (The name **WS** stands for “will save.”)
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**DS**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.4) A JavaScript action that shall be performed after saving a document. (The name **DS** stands for “did save.”)
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**WP**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.4) A JavaScript action that shall be performed before printing a document. (The name **WP** stands for “will print.”)
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**DP**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.4) A JavaScript action that shall be performed after printing a document. (The name **DP** stands for “did print.”)
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>

    Conforming readers shall ensure the presence of such a device, or equivalent controls for simulating one, for the corresponding actions to be executed correctly. Mouse-related trigger events are subject to the following constraints:
    
    - An **E** (enter) event may occur only when the mouse button is up.
    - An **X** (exit) event may not occur without a preceding **E** event.
    - A **U** (up) event may not occur without a preceding **E** and **D** event.
    - In the case of overlapping or nested annotations, entering a second annotation’s active area causes an **X** event to occur for the first annotation.
    
    !!! note "NOTE 2"
    
        The field-related trigger events **K** (keystroke), **F** (format), **V** (validate), and **  C** (calculate) are not defined for button fields (see [12.7.4.2], “Button Fields”). The effects of an action triggered by one of these events are limited only by the action itself and can occur outside the described scope of the event. For example, even though the **F** event is used to trigger actions that format field values prior to display, it is possible for an action triggered by this event to perform a calculation or make any other modification to the document.
    
        These field-related trigger events can occur either through user interaction or programmatically, such as in response to the **NeedAppearances** entry in the interactive form dictionary (see [12.7.2], “Interactive Form Dictionary”), importation of FDF data ([12.7.7], “Forms Data Format”), or JavaScript actions (12.6.4.16, “JavaScript Actions”). For example, the user’s modifying a field value can trigger a cascade of calculations and further formatting and validation for other fields in the document.

=== "英文"

    An annotation, page object, or (beginning with PDF 1.3) interactive form field may include an entry named AA that specifies an *additional-actions dictionary* (PDF 1.2) that extends the set of events that can trigger the execution of an action. In PDF 1.4, the document catalogue dictionary (see [7.7.2], “Document Catalog”) may also contain an **AA** entry for trigger events affecting the document as a whole. Tables 194 to 197 show the contents of this type of dictionary.
    
    PDF 1.5 introduces four trigger events in annotation’s additional-actions dictionary to support multimedia presentations:
    
    - The PO and **PC** entries have a similar function to the **O** and **C** entries in the page object’s additional-actions dictionary (see [Table 194](#table194)). However, associating these triggers with annotations allows annotation objects to be self-contained.
    
    !!! info "EXAMPLE"
    
    Annotations containing such actions can be copied or moved between pages without requiring page open/close actions to be changed.
    
    - The **PV** and **PI** entries allow a distinction between pages that are open and pages that are visible. At any one time, while more than one page may be visible, depending on the page layout.
    
    !!! note "NOTE 1"
    
        For these trigger events, the values of the flags specified by the annotation’s **F** entry (see [12.5.3], “Annotation Flags”) have no bearing on whether a given trigger event occurs.
        
    <table id="table194" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 194 – Entries in an annotation’s additional-actions dictionary**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**E**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.2) An action that shall be performed when the cursor enters the annotation’s active area.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**X**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.2) An action that shall be performed when the cursor exits the annotation’s active area.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**D**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.2) An action that shall be performed when the mouse button is pressed inside the annotation’s active area.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**U**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.2) An action that shall be performed when the mouse button is released inside the annotation’s active area. <br/>
                    For backward compatibility, the **A** entry in an annotation dictionary, if present, takes precedence over this entry (see [Table 168](./s5.md#table168)).
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Fo**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.2; widget annotations only) An action that shall be performed when the annotation receives the input focus.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**BI**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.2; widget annotations only) (Uppercase B, lowercase L) An action that shall be performed when the annotation loses the input focus.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**PO**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.5) An action that shall be performed when the page containing the annotation is opened. <br/>
                EXAMPLE 1 &emsp; When the user navigates to it from the next or previous page or by means of a link annotation or outline item. <br/>
                The action shall be executed after the **O** action in the page’s additional-actions dictionary (see [Table 195](#table195)) and the **OpenAction** entry in the document **Catalog** (see [Table 28](../c7/s7.md#table28)), if such actions are present.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**PC**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.5) An action that shall be performed when the page containing the annotation is closed. <br/>
                EXAMPLE 2 &emsp; When the user navigates to the next or previous page, or follows a link annotation or outline item. <br/>
                The action shall be executed before the **C** action in the page’s additional-actions dictionary (see [Table 195](#table195)), if present.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**PV**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.5) An action that shall be performed when the page containing the annotation becomes visible.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**PI**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.5) An action that shall be performed when the page containing the annotation is no longer visible in the conforming reader’s user interface.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
        
    <table id="table195" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 195 – Entries in a page object’s additional-actions dictionary**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**O**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.2) An action that shall be performed when the page is opened (for example, when the user navigates to it from the next or previous page or by means of a link annotation or outline item). This action is independent of any that may be defined by the **OpenAction** entry in the document **Catalog** (see [7.7.2], “Document Catalog”) and shall be executed after such an action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**C**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.2) An action that shall be performed when the page is closed (for example, when the user navigates to the next or previous page or follows a link annotation or an outline item). This action applies to the page being closed and shall be executed before any other page is opened.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
        
    <table id="table196" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 196 – Entries in a form field’s additional-actions dictionary**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**K**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.3) A JavaScript action that shall be performed when the user modifies a character in a text field or combo box or modifies the selection in a scrollable list box. This action may check the added text for validity and reject or modify it.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**F**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.3) A JavaScript action that shall be performed before the field is formatted to display its value. This action may modify the field’s value before formatting.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**V**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.3) A JavaScript action that shall be performed when the field’s value is changed. This action may check the new value for validity. (The name V stands for “validate.”)
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**C**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.3) A JavaScript action that shall be performed to recalculate the value of this field when that of another field changes. (The name C stands for “calculate.”) The order in which the document’s fields are recalculated shall be defined by the **CO** entry in the interactive form dictionary (see [12.7.2], “Interactive Form Dictionary”).
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
        
    <table id="table197" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 197 – Entries in the document catalog’s additional-actions dictionary**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**WC**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.4) A JavaScript action that shall be performed before closing a document. (The name **WC** stands for “will close.”)
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**WS**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.4) A JavaScript action that shall be performed before saving a document. (The name **WS** stands for “will save.”)
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**DS**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.4) A JavaScript action that shall be performed after saving a document. (The name **DS** stands for “did save.”)
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**WP**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.4) A JavaScript action that shall be performed before printing a document. (The name **WP** stands for “will print.”)
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**DP**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.4) A JavaScript action that shall be performed after printing a document. (The name **DP** stands for “did print.”)
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>

    Conforming readers shall ensure the presence of such a device, or equivalent controls for simulating one, for the corresponding actions to be executed correctly. Mouse-related trigger events are subject to the following constraints:
    
    - An **E** (enter) event may occur only when the mouse button is up.
    - An **X** (exit) event may not occur without a preceding **E** event.
    - A **U** (up) event may not occur without a preceding **E** and **D** event.
    - In the case of overlapping or nested annotations, entering a second annotation’s active area causes an **X** event to occur for the first annotation.
    
    !!! note "NOTE 2"
    
        The field-related trigger events **K** (keystroke), **F** (format), **V** (validate), and **  C** (calculate) are not defined for button fields (see [12.7.4.2], “Button Fields”). The effects of an action triggered by one of these events are limited only by the action itself and can occur outside the described scope of the event. For example, even though the **F** event is used to trigger actions that format field values prior to display, it is possible for an action triggered by this event to perform a calculation or make any other modification to the document.
    
        These field-related trigger events can occur either through user interaction or programmatically, such as in response to the **NeedAppearances** entry in the interactive form dictionary (see [12.7.2], “Interactive Form Dictionary”), importation of FDF data ([12.7.7], “Forms Data Format”), or JavaScript actions (12.6.4.16, “JavaScript Actions”). For example, the user’s modifying a field value can trigger a cascade of calculations and further formatting and validation for other fields in the document.

## 12.6.4 操作类型

**12.6.4 Action Types**

### 12.6.4.1 概述

**12.6.4.1 General**

=== "中文"

    PDF supports the standard action types listed in Table 198. The following sub-clauses describe each of these types in detail.
            
    <table id="table198" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 198 – Action types**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Action type**</th>
                <th>**Description**</th>
                <th>**Discussed in sub-clause**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**GoTo**</td>
                <td>Go to a destination in the current document.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.2], “Go-To Actions”
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**GoToR**</td>
                <td>(“Go-to remote”) Go to a destination in another document.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.3], “Remote Go-To Actions”
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**GoToE**</td>
                <td>(“Go-to embedded”; PDF 1.6) Go to a destination in an embedded file.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.4], “Embedded Go-To Actions”
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Launch**</td>
                <td>Launch an application, usually to open a file.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.5], “Launch Actions”
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Thread**</td>
                <td>Begin reading an article thread.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.6], “Thread Actions”
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**URI**</td>
                <td>Resolve a uniform resource identifier.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.7], “URI Actions”
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Sound**</td>
                <td>(PDF 1.2) Play a sound.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.8], “Sound Actions”
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Movie**</td>
                <td>(PDF 1.2) Play a movie.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.9], “Movie Actions”
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Hide**</td>
                <td>(PDF 1.2) Set an annotation’s Hidden flag.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.10], “Hide Actions”
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Named**</td>
                <td>(PDF 1.2) Execute an action predefined by the conforming reader.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.11], “Named Actions”
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**SubmitForm**</td>
                <td>(PDF 1.2) Send data to a uniform resource locator.</td>
                <td>[12.7.5.2], “Submit-Form Action”
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>ResetForm(PDF 1.2)</td>
                <td>Set fields to their default values.</td>
                <td>[12.7.5.3], “Reset-Form Action”</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>ImportData(PDF 1.2)</td>
                <td>Import field values from a file.</td>
                <td>[12.7.5.4], “Import-Data Action”</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>JavaScript(PDF 1.3)</td>
                <td>Execute a JavaScript script.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.16], “JavaScript Actions”</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>SetOCGState(PDF 1.5)</td>
                <td>Set the states of optional content groups.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.12], “Set-OCG-State Actions”</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>Rendition(PDF 1.5)</td>
                <td>Controls the playing of multimedia content.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.13], “Rendition Actions”</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>Trans(PDF 1.5)</td>
                <td>Updates the display of a document, using a transition dictionary.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.14], “Transition Actions”</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>GoTo3DView(PDF 1.6)</td>
                <td>Set the current view of a 3D annotation</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.15], “Go-To-3D-View Actions,”</td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    !!! note "NOTE"
    
        The set-state action is considered obsolete and should not be used.

=== "英文"

    PDF supports the standard action types listed in Table 198. The following sub-clauses describe each of these types in detail.
            
    <table id="table198" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 198 – Action types**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Action type**</th>
                <th>**Description**</th>
                <th>**Discussed in sub-clause**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**GoTo**</td>
                <td>Go to a destination in the current document.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.2], “Go-To Actions”
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**GoToR**</td>
                <td>(“Go-to remote”) Go to a destination in another document.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.3], “Remote Go-To Actions”
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**GoToE**</td>
                <td>(“Go-to embedded”; PDF 1.6) Go to a destination in an embedded file.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.4], “Embedded Go-To Actions”
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Launch**</td>
                <td>Launch an application, usually to open a file.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.5], “Launch Actions”
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Thread**</td>
                <td>Begin reading an article thread.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.6], “Thread Actions”
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**URI**</td>
                <td>Resolve a uniform resource identifier.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.7], “URI Actions”
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Sound**</td>
                <td>(PDF 1.2) Play a sound.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.8], “Sound Actions”
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Movie**</td>
                <td>(PDF 1.2) Play a movie.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.9], “Movie Actions”
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Hide**</td>
                <td>(PDF 1.2) Set an annotation’s Hidden flag.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.10], “Hide Actions”
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Named**</td>
                <td>(PDF 1.2) Execute an action predefined by the conforming reader.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.11], “Named Actions”
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**SubmitForm**</td>
                <td>(PDF 1.2) Send data to a uniform resource locator.</td>
                <td>[12.7.5.2], “Submit-Form Action”
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>ResetForm(PDF 1.2)</td>
                <td>Set fields to their default values.</td>
                <td>[12.7.5.3], “Reset-Form Action”</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>ImportData(PDF 1.2)</td>
                <td>Import field values from a file.</td>
                <td>[12.7.5.4], “Import-Data Action”</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>JavaScript(PDF 1.3)</td>
                <td>Execute a JavaScript script.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.16], “JavaScript Actions”</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>SetOCGState(PDF 1.5)</td>
                <td>Set the states of optional content groups.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.12], “Set-OCG-State Actions”</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>Rendition(PDF 1.5)</td>
                <td>Controls the playing of multimedia content.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.13], “Rendition Actions”</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>Trans(PDF 1.5)</td>
                <td>Updates the display of a document, using a transition dictionary.</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.14], “Transition Actions”</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>GoTo3DView(PDF 1.6)</td>
                <td>Set the current view of a 3D annotation</td>
                <td>[12.6.4.15], “Go-To-3D-View Actions,”</td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    !!! note "NOTE"
    
        The set-state action is considered obsolete and should not be used.


### 12.6.4.2 操作指南

**12.6.4.2 Go-To Actions**

=== "中文"

    A *go-to action* changes the view to a specified destination (page, location, and magnification factor). [Table 199](#table199) shows the action dictionary entries specific to this type of action.
            
    <table id="table199" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 199 – Additional entries specific to a go-to action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be **GoTo** for a go-to action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**D**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Required) The destination to jump to (see [12.3.2], “Destinations”).
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    !!! note "NOTE"
    
        Specifying a go-to action in the **A** entry of a link annotation or outline item (see [Table 173](./s5.md#table173) and [Table 153](./s3.md#table153)) has the same effect as specifying the destination directly with the **Dest** entry. For example, the link annotation shown in the Example in [12.6.4.12], “Set-OCG-State Actions,” which uses a go-to action, has the same effect as the one in the following Example, which specifies the destination directly. However, the go-to action is less compact and is not compatible with PDF 1.0; therefore, using a direct destination is preferable.
    
    
    !!! info "EXAMPLE"
    
        ```text
        93 0 obj
            << /Type /Annot
               /Subtype /Link
               /Rect [ 71 717 190 734 ]
               /Border [ 16 16 1 ]
               /A << /Type /Action
                     /S /GoTo
                     /D [ 3 0 R /FitR –4 399 199 533 ]
                  >>
            >>
        endobj
        ```
    

=== "英文"

    A *go-to action* changes the view to a specified destination (page, location, and magnification factor). [Table 199](#table199) shows the action dictionary entries specific to this type of action.
            
    <table id="table199" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 199 – Additional entries specific to a go-to action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be **GoTo** for a go-to action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**D**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Required) The destination to jump to (see [12.3.2], “Destinations”).
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    !!! note "NOTE"
    
        Specifying a go-to action in the **A** entry of a link annotation or outline item (see [Table 173](./s5.md#table173) and [Table 153](./s3.md#table153)) has the same effect as specifying the destination directly with the **Dest** entry. For example, the link annotation shown in the Example in [12.6.4.12], “Set-OCG-State Actions,” which uses a go-to action, has the same effect as the one in the following Example, which specifies the destination directly. However, the go-to action is less compact and is not compatible with PDF 1.0; therefore, using a direct destination is preferable.
    
    
    !!! info "EXAMPLE"
    
        ```text
        93 0 obj
            << /Type /Annot
               /Subtype /Link
               /Rect [ 71 717 190 734 ]
               /Border [ 16 16 1 ]
               /A << /Type /Action
                     /S /GoTo
                     /D [ 3 0 R /FitR –4 399 199 533 ]
                  >>
            >>
        endobj
        ```
    
### 12.6.4.3 远程操作

**12.6.4.3 Remote Go-To Actions**

=== "中文"

    A *remote go-to action* is similar to an ordinary go-to action but jumps to a destination in another PDF file instead of the current file. Table 200 shows the action dictionary entries specific to this type of action.
    
    !!! note "NOTE"
    
        Remote go-to actions cannot be used with embedded files; see [12.6.4.4], “Embedded Go-To Actions.”
                
    <table id="table200" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 200 – Additional entries specific to a remote go-to action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be **GoToR** for a remote go-to action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**F**</td>
                <td>file specification</td>
                <td>(Required) The file in which the destination shall be located.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**D**</td>
                <td>name, byte string, or array</td>
                <td>(Required) The destination to jump to (see [12.3.2], “Destinations”). If the value is an array defining an explicit destination (as described under [12.3.2.2], “Explicit Destinations”), its first element shall be a page number within the remote document rather than an indirect reference to a page object in the current document. The first page shall be numbered 0.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**NewWindow**</td>
                <td>boolean</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.2) A flag specifying whether to open the destination document in a new window. If this flag is **false**, the destination document replaces the current document in the same window. If this entry is absent, the conforming reader should behave in accordance with its preference.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>

=== "英文"

    A *remote go-to action* is similar to an ordinary go-to action but jumps to a destination in another PDF file instead of the current file. Table 200 shows the action dictionary entries specific to this type of action.
    
    !!! note "NOTE"
    
        Remote go-to actions cannot be used with embedded files; see [12.6.4.4], “Embedded Go-To Actions.”
                
    <table id="table200" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 200 – Additional entries specific to a remote go-to action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be **GoToR** for a remote go-to action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**F**</td>
                <td>file specification</td>
                <td>(Required) The file in which the destination shall be located.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**D**</td>
                <td>name, byte string, or array</td>
                <td>(Required) The destination to jump to (see [12.3.2], “Destinations”). If the value is an array defining an explicit destination (as described under [12.3.2.2], “Explicit Destinations”), its first element shall be a page number within the remote document rather than an indirect reference to a page object in the current document. The first page shall be numbered 0.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**NewWindow**</td>
                <td>boolean</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.2) A flag specifying whether to open the destination document in a new window. If this flag is **false**, the destination document replaces the current document in the same window. If this entry is absent, the conforming reader should behave in accordance with its preference.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>


### 12.6.4.4 嵌入式操作

**12.6.4.4 Embedded Go-To Actions**

=== "中文"

    An embedded go-to action (PDF 1.6) is similar to a remote go-to action but allows jumping to or from a PDF file that is embedded in another PDF file (see [7.11.4], “Embedded File Streams”). Embedded files may be associated with file attachment annotations (see [12.5.6.15], “File Attachment Annotations”) or with entries in the EmbeddedFiles name tree (see [7.7.4], “Name Dictionary”). Embedded files may in turn contain embedded files. Table 201 shows the action dictionary entries specific to embedded go-to actions.
    
    Embedded go-to actions provide a complete facility for linking between a file in a hierarchy of nested embedded files and another file in the same or different hierarchy. The following terminology shall be used:
    
    - The *source* is the document containing the embedded go-to action.
    - The *target* is the document in which the destination lives.
    - The **T** entry in the action dictionary is a target dictionary that locates the target in relation to the source, in much the same way that a relative path describes the physical relationship between two files in a file system. Target dictionaries may be nested recursively to specify one or more intermediate targets before reaching the final one. As the hierarchy is navigated, each intermediate target shall be referred to as the current document. Initially, the source is the current document.
    
    !!! note "NOTE"
    
        It is an error for a target dictionary to have an infinite cycle (for example, one where a target dictionary refers to itself). Conforming readers should attempt to detect such cases and refuse to execute the action if found.
    
    - A *child* document shall be one that is embedded within another PDF file.
    - The document in which a file is embedded shall be its *parent*.
    - A *root document* is one that is not embedded in another PDF file. The target and source may be contained in root documents or embedded documents.
                
    <table id="table201" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 201 – Additional entries specific to an embedded go-to action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be **GoToE** for an embedded go-to action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**F**</td>
                <td>file specification</td>
                <td>(Optional) The root document of the target relative to the root document of the source. If this entry is absent, the source and target share the same root document.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**D**</td>
                <td>name, byte string, or array</td>
                <td>(Required) The destination in the target to jump to (see [12.3.2], “Destinations”).
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**NewWindow**</td>
                <td>boolean</td>
                <td>(Optional) If **true**, the destination document should be opened in a new window; if **false**, the destination document should replace the current document in the same window. If this entry is absent, the conforming reader should act according to its preference.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**T**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional if **F** is present; otherwise required) A target dictionary (see [Table 202](#table202)) specifying path information to the target document. Each target dictionary specifies one element in the full path to the target and may have nested target dictionaries specifying additional elements.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    <table id="table202" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 202 – Entries specific to a target dictionary**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**R**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) Specifies the relationship between the current document and the target (which may be an intermediate target). Valid values are **P** (the target is the parent of the current document) and **C** (the target is a child of the current document).
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**N**</td>
                <td>byte string</td>
                <td>(Required if the value of **R** is **C** and the target is located in the **EmbeddedFiles** name tree; otherwise, it shall be absent) The name of the file in the **EmbeddedFiles** name tree.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**P**</td>
                <td>integer or byte string</td>
                <td>(Required if the value of **R** is **C** and the target is associated with a file attachment annotation; otherwise, it shall be absent) If the value is an integer, it specifies the page number (zero-based) in the current document containing the file attachment annotation. If the value is a string, it specifies a named destination in the current document that provides the page number of the file attachment annotation.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**A**</td>
                <td>integer or text string</td>
                <td>(Required if the value of **R** is **C** and the target is associated with a file attachment annotation; otherwise, it shall be absent) If the value is an integer, it specifies the index (zero-based) of the annotation in the **Annots** array (see Table 30) of the page specified by **P**. If the value is a text string, it specifies the value of **NM** in the annotation dictionary (see [Table 164](#table164)).
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**T**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional) A target dictionary specifying additional path information to the target document. If this entry is absent, the current document is the target file containing the destination.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    !!! info "EXAMPLE"
    
        The following example illustrates several possible relationships between source and target. Each object shown is an action dictionary for an embedded go-to action.
        
        ```text
        1 0 obj     % Link to a child
            << /Type /Action
               /S /GoToE
               /D (Chapter 1)
               /T << /R /C
               /N (Embedded document) >>
            >>
        endobj
        
        2 0 obj
            << /Type /Action    % Link to the parent
               /S /GoToE
               /D (Chapter 1)
               /T << /R /P >>
            >>
        endobj
        
        
        3 0 obj                % Link to a sibling
            << /Type /Action
                /S /GoToE
                /D (Chapter 1)
                /T << /R /P
                      /T << /R /C
                            /N (Another embedded document) >>
                >>
            >>
        endobj
        
        4 0 obj            % Link to an embedded file in an external document
            << /Type /Action
               /S /GoToE
               /D (Chapter 1)
               /F (someFile.pdf)
               /T << /R /C
                     /N (Embedded document) >>
            >>
        endobj
        
        5 0 obj           % Link from an embedded file to a normal file
            << /Type /Action
               /S /GoToE
               /D (Chapter 1)
               /F (someFile.pdf)
            >>
        endobj
        
        6 0 obj           % Link to a grandchild
            << /Type /Action
               /S /GoToE
               /D (Chapter 1)
               /T << /R /C
                     /N (Embedded document)
                     /T << /R /C
                           /P (A destination name)
                           /A (annotName)
                        >>
                  >>
            >>
        endobj
        
        7 0 obj            % Link to a niece/nephew through the source’s parent
            << /Type /Action
               /S /GoToE
               /D (destination)
               /T << /R /P
                     /T << /R /C
                        /N (Embedded document)
                        /T << /R /C
                              /P 3
                              /A (annotName)
                           >>
                     >>
               >>
            >>
        endobj
        ```

=== "英文"

    An embedded go-to action (PDF 1.6) is similar to a remote go-to action but allows jumping to or from a PDF file that is embedded in another PDF file (see [7.11.4], “Embedded File Streams”). Embedded files may be associated with file attachment annotations (see [12.5.6.15], “File Attachment Annotations”) or with entries in the EmbeddedFiles name tree (see [7.7.4], “Name Dictionary”). Embedded files may in turn contain embedded files. Table 201 shows the action dictionary entries specific to embedded go-to actions.
    
    Embedded go-to actions provide a complete facility for linking between a file in a hierarchy of nested embedded files and another file in the same or different hierarchy. The following terminology shall be used:
    
    - The *source* is the document containing the embedded go-to action.
    - The *target* is the document in which the destination lives.
    - The **T** entry in the action dictionary is a target dictionary that locates the target in relation to the source, in much the same way that a relative path describes the physical relationship between two files in a file system. Target dictionaries may be nested recursively to specify one or more intermediate targets before reaching the final one. As the hierarchy is navigated, each intermediate target shall be referred to as the current document. Initially, the source is the current document.
    
    !!! note "NOTE"
    
        It is an error for a target dictionary to have an infinite cycle (for example, one where a target dictionary refers to itself). Conforming readers should attempt to detect such cases and refuse to execute the action if found.
    
    - A *child* document shall be one that is embedded within another PDF file.
    - The document in which a file is embedded shall be its *parent*.
    - A *root document* is one that is not embedded in another PDF file. The target and source may be contained in root documents or embedded documents.
                
    <table id="table201" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 201 – Additional entries specific to an embedded go-to action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be **GoToE** for an embedded go-to action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**F**</td>
                <td>file specification</td>
                <td>(Optional) The root document of the target relative to the root document of the source. If this entry is absent, the source and target share the same root document.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**D**</td>
                <td>name, byte string, or array</td>
                <td>(Required) The destination in the target to jump to (see [12.3.2], “Destinations”).
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**NewWindow**</td>
                <td>boolean</td>
                <td>(Optional) If **true**, the destination document should be opened in a new window; if **false**, the destination document should replace the current document in the same window. If this entry is absent, the conforming reader should act according to its preference.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**T**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional if **F** is present; otherwise required) A target dictionary (see [Table 202](#table202)) specifying path information to the target document. Each target dictionary specifies one element in the full path to the target and may have nested target dictionaries specifying additional elements.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    <table id="table202" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 202 – Entries specific to a target dictionary**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**R**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) Specifies the relationship between the current document and the target (which may be an intermediate target). Valid values are **P** (the target is the parent of the current document) and **C** (the target is a child of the current document).
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**N**</td>
                <td>byte string</td>
                <td>(Required if the value of **R** is **C** and the target is located in the **EmbeddedFiles** name tree; otherwise, it shall be absent) The name of the file in the **EmbeddedFiles** name tree.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**P**</td>
                <td>integer or byte string</td>
                <td>(Required if the value of **R** is **C** and the target is associated with a file attachment annotation; otherwise, it shall be absent) If the value is an integer, it specifies the page number (zero-based) in the current document containing the file attachment annotation. If the value is a string, it specifies a named destination in the current document that provides the page number of the file attachment annotation.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**A**</td>
                <td>integer or text string</td>
                <td>(Required if the value of **R** is **C** and the target is associated with a file attachment annotation; otherwise, it shall be absent) If the value is an integer, it specifies the index (zero-based) of the annotation in the **Annots** array (see Table 30) of the page specified by **P**. If the value is a text string, it specifies the value of **NM** in the annotation dictionary (see [Table 164](#table164)).
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**T**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional) A target dictionary specifying additional path information to the target document. If this entry is absent, the current document is the target file containing the destination.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    !!! info "EXAMPLE"
    
        The following example illustrates several possible relationships between source and target. Each object shown is an action dictionary for an embedded go-to action.
        
        ```text
        1 0 obj     % Link to a child
            << /Type /Action
               /S /GoToE
               /D (Chapter 1)
               /T << /R /C
               /N (Embedded document) >>
            >>
        endobj
        
        2 0 obj
            << /Type /Action    % Link to the parent
               /S /GoToE
               /D (Chapter 1)
               /T << /R /P >>
            >>
        endobj
        
        
        3 0 obj                % Link to a sibling
            << /Type /Action
                /S /GoToE
                /D (Chapter 1)
                /T << /R /P
                      /T << /R /C
                            /N (Another embedded document) >>
                >>
            >>
        endobj
        
        4 0 obj            % Link to an embedded file in an external document
            << /Type /Action
               /S /GoToE
               /D (Chapter 1)
               /F (someFile.pdf)
               /T << /R /C
                     /N (Embedded document) >>
            >>
        endobj
        
        5 0 obj           % Link from an embedded file to a normal file
            << /Type /Action
               /S /GoToE
               /D (Chapter 1)
               /F (someFile.pdf)
            >>
        endobj
        
        6 0 obj           % Link to a grandchild
            << /Type /Action
               /S /GoToE
               /D (Chapter 1)
               /T << /R /C
                     /N (Embedded document)
                     /T << /R /C
                           /P (A destination name)
                           /A (annotName)
                        >>
                  >>
            >>
        endobj
        
        7 0 obj            % Link to a niece/nephew through the source’s parent
            << /Type /Action
               /S /GoToE
               /D (destination)
               /T << /R /P
                     /T << /R /C
                        /N (Embedded document)
                        /T << /R /C
                              /P 3
                              /A (annotName)
                           >>
                     >>
               >>
            >>
        endobj
        ```

### 12.6.4.5 启动操作

**12.6.4.5 Launch Actions**

=== "中文"

    A *launch action* launches an application or opens or prints a document. Table 203 shows the action dictionary entries specific to this type of action.
    
    The optional **Win**, **Mac**, and **Unix** entries allow the action dictionary to include platform-specific parameters for launching the designated application. If no such entry is present for the given platform, the F entry shall be used instead. Table 203 shows the platform-specific launch parameters for the Windows platform. Parameters for the Mac OS and UNIX platforms are not yet defined at the time of publication.
                    
    <table id="table203" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 203 – Additional entries specific to a launch action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be Launch for a launch action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**F**</td>
                <td>file specification</td>
                <td>(Required if none of the entries **Win**, **Mac**, or **Unix** is present) The application that shall be launched or the document that shall be opened or printed. If this entry is absent and the conforming reader does not understand any of the alternative entries, it shall do nothing.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Win**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional) A dictionary containing parameters (see [Table 204](#table204)).
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Mac**</td>
                <td>(undefined)</td>
                <td>(Optional) Mac OS–specific launch parameters; not yet defined.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Unix**</td>
                <td>(undefined)</td>
                <td>(Optional) UNIX-specific launch parameters; not yet defined.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**NewWindow**</td>
                <td>boolean</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.2) A flag specifying whether to open the destination document in a new window. If this flag is **false**, the destination document replaces the current document in the same window. If this entry is absent, the conforming reader should behave in accordance with its current preference. This entry shall be ignored if the file designated by the **F** entry is not a PDF document.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    <table id="table204" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 204 – Entries in a Windows launch parameter dictionary**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**F**</td>
                <td>byte string</td>
                <td>(Required) The file name of the application that shall be launched or the document that shall be opened or printed, in standard Windows pathname format. If the name string includes a backslash character (\), the backslash shall itself be preceded by a backslash. <br/>
                This value shall be a simple string; it is not a file specification.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**D**</td>
                <td>byte string</td>
                <td>(Optional) A bye string specifying the default directory in standard DOS syntax.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**O**</td>
                <td>ASCII string</td>
                <td>(Optional) An ASCII string specifying the operation to perform: <br/>
                    open &emsp; Open a document. <br/>
                    print &emsp; Print a document. <br/>
                    If the **F** entry designates an application instead of a document, this entry shall be ignored and the application shall be launched. Default value: open.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**P**</td>
                <td>byte string</td>
                <td>(Optional) A parameter string that shall be passed to the application designated by the **F** entry. This entry shall be omitted if **F** designates a document.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>

=== "英文"

    A *launch action* launches an application or opens or prints a document. Table 203 shows the action dictionary entries specific to this type of action.
    
    The optional **Win**, **Mac**, and **Unix** entries allow the action dictionary to include platform-specific parameters for launching the designated application. If no such entry is present for the given platform, the F entry shall be used instead. Table 203 shows the platform-specific launch parameters for the Windows platform. Parameters for the Mac OS and UNIX platforms are not yet defined at the time of publication.
                    
    <table id="table203" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 203 – Additional entries specific to a launch action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be Launch for a launch action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**F**</td>
                <td>file specification</td>
                <td>(Required if none of the entries **Win**, **Mac**, or **Unix** is present) The application that shall be launched or the document that shall be opened or printed. If this entry is absent and the conforming reader does not understand any of the alternative entries, it shall do nothing.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Win**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional) A dictionary containing parameters (see [Table 204](#table204)).
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Mac**</td>
                <td>(undefined)</td>
                <td>(Optional) Mac OS–specific launch parameters; not yet defined.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Unix**</td>
                <td>(undefined)</td>
                <td>(Optional) UNIX-specific launch parameters; not yet defined.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**NewWindow**</td>
                <td>boolean</td>
                <td>(Optional; PDF 1.2) A flag specifying whether to open the destination document in a new window. If this flag is **false**, the destination document replaces the current document in the same window. If this entry is absent, the conforming reader should behave in accordance with its current preference. This entry shall be ignored if the file designated by the **F** entry is not a PDF document.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    <table id="table204" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 204 – Entries in a Windows launch parameter dictionary**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**F**</td>
                <td>byte string</td>
                <td>(Required) The file name of the application that shall be launched or the document that shall be opened or printed, in standard Windows pathname format. If the name string includes a backslash character (\), the backslash shall itself be preceded by a backslash. <br/>
                This value shall be a simple string; it is not a file specification.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**D**</td>
                <td>byte string</td>
                <td>(Optional) A bye string specifying the default directory in standard DOS syntax.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**O**</td>
                <td>ASCII string</td>
                <td>(Optional) An ASCII string specifying the operation to perform: <br/>
                    open &emsp; Open a document. <br/>
                    print &emsp; Print a document. <br/>
                    If the **F** entry designates an application instead of a document, this entry shall be ignored and the application shall be launched. Default value: open.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**P**</td>
                <td>byte string</td>
                <td>(Optional) A parameter string that shall be passed to the application designated by the **F** entry. This entry shall be omitted if **F** designates a document.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>

### 12.6.4.6 主题操作

**12.6.4.6 Thread Actions**

=== "中文"

    A thread action jumps to a specified bead on an article thread (see [12.4.3], “Articles”), in either the current document or a different one. Table 205 shows the action dictionary entries specific to this type of action.
        
    <table id="table205" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 205 – Additional entries specific to a thread action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be **Thread** for a thread action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**F**</td>
                <td>file specification</td>
                <td>(Optional) The file containing the thread. If this entry is absent, the thread is in the current file.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**D**</td>
                <td>dictionary, integer, or text string</td>
                <td>(Required) The destination thread, specified in one of the following forms: <br/>
                    An indirect reference to a thread dictionary (see [12.4.3], “Articles”). In this case, the thread shall be in the current file. <br/>
                    The index of the thread within the **Threads** array of its document’s **Catalog** (see [7.7.2], “Document Catalog”). The first thread in the array has index 0. <br/>
                    The title of the thread as specified in its thread information dictionary (see Table 160). If two or more threads have the same title, the one appearing first in the document **Catalog’s Threads** array shall be used.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**B**</td>
                <td>dictionary or integer</td>
                <td>(Optional) The bead in the destination thread, specified in one of the following forms: <br/>
                    An indirect reference to a bead dictionary (see [12.4.3], “Articles”). In this case, the thread shall be in the current file. <br/>
                    The index of the bead within its thread. The first bead in a thread has index 0.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>

=== "英文"

    A thread action jumps to a specified bead on an article thread (see [12.4.3], “Articles”), in either the current document or a different one. Table 205 shows the action dictionary entries specific to this type of action.
        
    <table id="table205" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 205 – Additional entries specific to a thread action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be **Thread** for a thread action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**F**</td>
                <td>file specification</td>
                <td>(Optional) The file containing the thread. If this entry is absent, the thread is in the current file.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**D**</td>
                <td>dictionary, integer, or text string</td>
                <td>(Required) The destination thread, specified in one of the following forms: <br/>
                    An indirect reference to a thread dictionary (see [12.4.3], “Articles”). In this case, the thread shall be in the current file. <br/>
                    The index of the thread within the **Threads** array of its document’s **Catalog** (see [7.7.2], “Document Catalog”). The first thread in the array has index 0. <br/>
                    The title of the thread as specified in its thread information dictionary (see Table 160). If two or more threads have the same title, the one appearing first in the document **Catalog’s Threads** array shall be used.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**B**</td>
                <td>dictionary or integer</td>
                <td>(Optional) The bead in the destination thread, specified in one of the following forms: <br/>
                    An indirect reference to a bead dictionary (see [12.4.3], “Articles”). In this case, the thread shall be in the current file. <br/>
                    The index of the bead within its thread. The first bead in a thread has index 0.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>


### 12.6.4.7 URI 操作

**12.6.4.7 URI Actions**

=== "中文"

    A *uniform resource identifier* (URI) is a string that identifies (resolves to) a resource on the Internet—typically a file that is the destination of a hypertext link, although it may also resolve to a query or other entity. (URIs are described in Internet RFC 2396, Uniform Resource Identifiers (URI): Generic Syntax; see the [Bibliography](../bibliography.md).)
    
    A *URI action* causes a URI to be resolved. Table 206 shows the action dictionary entries specific to this type of action.
    
    <table id="table206" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 206 – Additional entries specific to a URI action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be **URI** for a URI action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**F**</td>
                <td>file specification</td>
                <td>(Optional) The file containing the thread. If this entry is absent, the thread is in the current file.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**URI**</td>
                <td>ASCII string</td>
                <td>(Required) The uniform resource identifier to resolve, encoded in 7-bit ASCII.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**IsMap**</td>
                <td>boolean</td>
                <td>(Optional) A flag specifying whether to track the mouse position when the URI is resolved (see the discussion following this Table). Default value: **false**. <br/>
                    This entry applies only to actions triggered by the user’s clicking an annotation; it shall be ignored for actions associated with outline items or with a document’s **OpenAction** entry.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    If the **IsMap** flag is **true** and the user has triggered the URI action by clicking an annotation, the coordinates of the mouse position at the time the action has been triggered shall be transformed from device space to user space and then offset relative to the upper-left corner of the annotation rectangle (that is, the value of the **Rect** entry in the annotation with which the URI action is associated).
    
    !!! info "EXAMPLE 1"
    
        If the mouse coordinates in user space are $(x_m , y_m)$ and the annotation rectangle extends from $(ll_x , ll_y)$ at the lower-left to $(ur_x , ur_y)$ at the upper-right, the final coordinates $(x_f, y_f)$ are as follows:
    
    $$\begin{align}  &(x_f = x_m - ll_m) \\ &y_f = ur_y - y_m  \end{align}$$
    
    If the resulting coordinates $(x_f , y_f)$ are fractional, they shall be rounded to the nearest integer values. They shall then be appended to the URI to be resolved, separated by COMMAS (2Ch) and preceded by a QUESTION MARK (3Fh), as shown in this example:
    
    !!! info "EXAMPLE 2"
    
        http://www.adobe.com/intro?100,200
    
    !!! note "NOTE 1"
    
        To support URI actions, a PDF document’s **Catalog** (see [7.7.2], “Document Catalog”) may include a **URI** entry whose value is a URI dictionary. Only one entry shall be defined for such a dictionary (see Table 207).
    
    <table id="table207" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 207 – Entry in a URI dictionary**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**Base**</td>
                <td>ASCII string</td>
                <td>(Optional) The base URI that shall be used in resolving relative URI references. URI actions within the document may specify URIs in partial form, to be interpreted relative to this base address. If no base URI is specified, such partial URIs shall be interpreted relative to the location of the document itself. The use of this entry is parallel to that of the body element <BASE >, as described in the HTML 4.01 Specification (see the Bibliography).
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    !!! note "NOTE 2"
    
        The **Base** entry allows the URI of the document to be recorded in situations in which the document may be accessed out of context. For example, if a document has been moved to a new location but contains relative links to other documents that have not been moved, the **Base** entry could be used to refer such links to the true location of the other documents, rather than that of the moved document.

=== "英文"

    A *uniform resource identifier* (URI) is a string that identifies (resolves to) a resource on the Internet—typically a file that is the destination of a hypertext link, although it may also resolve to a query or other entity. (URIs are described in Internet RFC 2396, Uniform Resource Identifiers (URI): Generic Syntax; see the [Bibliography](../bibliography.md).)
    
    A *URI action* causes a URI to be resolved. Table 206 shows the action dictionary entries specific to this type of action.
    
    <table id="table206" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 206 – Additional entries specific to a URI action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be **URI** for a URI action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**F**</td>
                <td>file specification</td>
                <td>(Optional) The file containing the thread. If this entry is absent, the thread is in the current file.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**URI**</td>
                <td>ASCII string</td>
                <td>(Required) The uniform resource identifier to resolve, encoded in 7-bit ASCII.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**IsMap**</td>
                <td>boolean</td>
                <td>(Optional) A flag specifying whether to track the mouse position when the URI is resolved (see the discussion following this Table). Default value: **false**. <br/>
                    This entry applies only to actions triggered by the user’s clicking an annotation; it shall be ignored for actions associated with outline items or with a document’s **OpenAction** entry.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    If the **IsMap** flag is **true** and the user has triggered the URI action by clicking an annotation, the coordinates of the mouse position at the time the action has been triggered shall be transformed from device space to user space and then offset relative to the upper-left corner of the annotation rectangle (that is, the value of the **Rect** entry in the annotation with which the URI action is associated).
    
    !!! info "EXAMPLE 1"
    
        If the mouse coordinates in user space are $(x_m , y_m)$ and the annotation rectangle extends from $(ll_x , ll_y)$ at the lower-left to $(ur_x , ur_y)$ at the upper-right, the final coordinates $(x_f, y_f)$ are as follows:
    
    $$\begin{align}  &(x_f = x_m - ll_m) \\ &y_f = ur_y - y_m  \end{align}$$
    
    If the resulting coordinates $(x_f , y_f)$ are fractional, they shall be rounded to the nearest integer values. They shall then be appended to the URI to be resolved, separated by COMMAS (2Ch) and preceded by a QUESTION MARK (3Fh), as shown in this example:
    
    !!! info "EXAMPLE 2"
    
        http://www.adobe.com/intro?100,200
    
    !!! note "NOTE 1"
    
        To support URI actions, a PDF document’s **Catalog** (see [7.7.2], “Document Catalog”) may include a **URI** entry whose value is a URI dictionary. Only one entry shall be defined for such a dictionary (see Table 207).
    
    <table id="table207" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 207 – Entry in a URI dictionary**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**Base**</td>
                <td>ASCII string</td>
                <td>(Optional) The base URI that shall be used in resolving relative URI references. URI actions within the document may specify URIs in partial form, to be interpreted relative to this base address. If no base URI is specified, such partial URIs shall be interpreted relative to the location of the document itself. The use of this entry is parallel to that of the body element <BASE >, as described in the HTML 4.01 Specification (see the Bibliography).
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    !!! note "NOTE 2"
    
        The **Base** entry allows the URI of the document to be recorded in situations in which the document may be accessed out of context. For example, if a document has been moved to a new location but contains relative links to other documents that have not been moved, the **Base** entry could be used to refer such links to the true location of the other documents, rather than that of the moved document.

### 12.6.4.8 声音动作

**12.6.4.8 Sound Actions**

=== "中文"

    A *sound action* (PDF 1.2) plays a sound through the computer’s speakers. Table 208 shows the action dictionary entries specific to this type of action. Sounds are discussed in [13.3], “Sounds.”
    
    <table id="table208" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 208 – Additional entries specific to a sound action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be **Sound** for a sound action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Sound**</td>
                <td>stream</td>
                <td>(Required) A sound object defining the sound that shall be played (see [13.3], “Sounds”).
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Volume**</td>
                <td>number</td>
                <td>(Optional) The volume at which to play the sound, in the range −1.0 to 1.0. Default value: 1.0.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Synchronous**</td>
                <td>boolean</td>
                <td>(Optional) A flag specifying whether to play the sound synchronously or asynchronously. If this flag is **true**, the conforming reader retains control, allowing no further user interaction other than canceling the sound, until the sound has been completely played. Default value: **false**.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Repeat**</td>
                <td>boolean</td>
                <td>(Optional) A flag specifying whether to repeat the sound indefinitely. If this entry is present, the **Synchronous** entry shall be ignored. Default value: **false**.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Mix**</td>
                <td>boolean</td>
                <td>(Optional) A flag specifying whether to mix this sound with any other sound already playing. If this flag is **false**, any previously playing sound shall be stopped before starting this sound; this can be used to stop a repeating sound (see **Repeat**). Default value: **false**.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>

=== "英文"

    A *sound action* (PDF 1.2) plays a sound through the computer’s speakers. Table 208 shows the action dictionary entries specific to this type of action. Sounds are discussed in [13.3], “Sounds.”
    
    <table id="table208" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 208 – Additional entries specific to a sound action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be **Sound** for a sound action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Sound**</td>
                <td>stream</td>
                <td>(Required) A sound object defining the sound that shall be played (see [13.3], “Sounds”).
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Volume**</td>
                <td>number</td>
                <td>(Optional) The volume at which to play the sound, in the range −1.0 to 1.0. Default value: 1.0.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Synchronous**</td>
                <td>boolean</td>
                <td>(Optional) A flag specifying whether to play the sound synchronously or asynchronously. If this flag is **true**, the conforming reader retains control, allowing no further user interaction other than canceling the sound, until the sound has been completely played. Default value: **false**.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Repeat**</td>
                <td>boolean</td>
                <td>(Optional) A flag specifying whether to repeat the sound indefinitely. If this entry is present, the **Synchronous** entry shall be ignored. Default value: **false**.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Mix**</td>
                <td>boolean</td>
                <td>(Optional) A flag specifying whether to mix this sound with any other sound already playing. If this flag is **false**, any previously playing sound shall be stopped before starting this sound; this can be used to stop a repeating sound (see **Repeat**). Default value: **false**.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>

### 12.6.4.9 影片动作

**12.6.4.9 Movie Actions**

=== "中文"

    A movie action (PDF 1.2) can be used to play a movie in a floating window or within the annotation rectangle of a movie annotation (see [12.5.6.17], “Movie Annotations” and [13.4], “Movies”). The movie annotation shall be associated with the page that is the destination of the link annotation or outline item containing the movie action, or with the page object with which the action is associated.
    
    !!! note "NOTE"
    
        A movie action by itself does not guarantee that the page the movie is on will be displayed before attempting to play the movie; such page change actions shall be done explicitly.
    
    The contents of a movie action dictionary are identical to those of a movie activation dictionary (see [Table 296](../c13/s4.md#table296)), with the additional entries shown in [Table 209](#table209). The contents of the activation dictionary associated with the movie annotation provide the default values. Any information specified in the movie action dictionary overrides these values.
    
    <table id="table209" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 209 – Additional entries specific to a movie action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be **Movie** for a movie action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Annotation**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional) An indirect reference to a movie annotation identifying the movie that shall be played.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**T**</td>
                <td>text string</td>
                <td>(Optional) The title of a movie annotation identifying the movie that shall be played. <br/>The dictionary shall include either an **Annotation** or a **T** entry but not both.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Operation**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Optional) The operation that shall be performed on the movie: PlayStart playing the movie, using the play mode specified by the dictionary’s **Mode** entry (see Table 296). If the movie is currently paused, it shall be repositioned to the beginning before playing (or to the starting point specified by the dictionary’s **Start** entry, if present). <br/>
                Stop &emsp; Stop playing the movie. <br/>
                Pause &emsp; Pause a playing movie. <br/>
                Resume &emsp; Resume a paused movie. <br/>
                Default value: Play.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>

=== "英文"

    A movie action (PDF 1.2) can be used to play a movie in a floating window or within the annotation rectangle of a movie annotation (see [12.5.6.17], “Movie Annotations” and [13.4], “Movies”). The movie annotation shall be associated with the page that is the destination of the link annotation or outline item containing the movie action, or with the page object with which the action is associated.
    
    !!! note "NOTE"
    
        A movie action by itself does not guarantee that the page the movie is on will be displayed before attempting to play the movie; such page change actions shall be done explicitly.
    
    The contents of a movie action dictionary are identical to those of a movie activation dictionary (see [Table 296](../c13/s4.md#table296)), with the additional entries shown in [Table 209](#table209). The contents of the activation dictionary associated with the movie annotation provide the default values. Any information specified in the movie action dictionary overrides these values.
    
    <table id="table209" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 209 – Additional entries specific to a movie action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be **Movie** for a movie action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Annotation**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Optional) An indirect reference to a movie annotation identifying the movie that shall be played.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**T**</td>
                <td>text string</td>
                <td>(Optional) The title of a movie annotation identifying the movie that shall be played. <br/>The dictionary shall include either an **Annotation** or a **T** entry but not both.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Operation**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Optional) The operation that shall be performed on the movie: PlayStart playing the movie, using the play mode specified by the dictionary’s **Mode** entry (see Table 296). If the movie is currently paused, it shall be repositioned to the beginning before playing (or to the starting point specified by the dictionary’s **Start** entry, if present). <br/>
                Stop &emsp; Stop playing the movie. <br/>
                Pause &emsp; Pause a playing movie. <br/>
                Resume &emsp; Resume a paused movie. <br/>
                Default value: Play.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>

### 12.6.4.10 隐藏操作

**12.6.4.10 Hide Actions**

=== "中文"

    A hide action (PDF 1.2) hides or shows one or more annotations on the screen by setting or clearing their Hidden flags (see [12.5.3], “Annotation Flags”). This type of action can be used in combination with appearance streams and trigger events (Sections [12.5.5], “Appearance Streams,” and [12.6.3], “Trigger Events”) to display pop-up help information on the screen.
    
    !!! note "NOTE"
    
        The **E** (enter) and **X** (exit) trigger events in an annotation’s additional-actions dictionary can be used to show and hide the annotation when the user rolls the cursor in and out of its active area on the page. This can be used to pop up a help label, or tool tip, describing the effect of clicking at that location on the page.
    
    Table 210 shows the action dictionary entries specific to this type of action.
    
    <table id="table210" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 210 – Additional entries specific to a hide action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be **Hide** for a hide action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**T**</td>
                <td>dictionary, text string, or array</td>
                <td>(Required) The annotation or annotations to be hidden or shown, shall be
                    specified in any of the following forms: <br/>
                    An indirect reference to an annotation dictionary <br/>
                    A text string giving the fully qualified field name of an interactive form field whose associated widget annotation or annotations are to be affected (see [12.7.3.2], “Field Names”) <br/>
                    An array of such dictionaries or text strings
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**H**</td>
                <td>boolean</td>
                <td>(Optional) A flag indicating whether to hide the annotation (**true**) or show it (**false**). Default value: **true**.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>

=== "英文"

    A hide action (PDF 1.2) hides or shows one or more annotations on the screen by setting or clearing their Hidden flags (see [12.5.3], “Annotation Flags”). This type of action can be used in combination with appearance streams and trigger events (Sections [12.5.5], “Appearance Streams,” and [12.6.3], “Trigger Events”) to display pop-up help information on the screen.
    
    !!! note "NOTE"
    
        The **E** (enter) and **X** (exit) trigger events in an annotation’s additional-actions dictionary can be used to show and hide the annotation when the user rolls the cursor in and out of its active area on the page. This can be used to pop up a help label, or tool tip, describing the effect of clicking at that location on the page.
    
    Table 210 shows the action dictionary entries specific to this type of action.
    
    <table id="table210" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 210 – Additional entries specific to a hide action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be **Hide** for a hide action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**T**</td>
                <td>dictionary, text string, or array</td>
                <td>(Required) The annotation or annotations to be hidden or shown, shall be
                    specified in any of the following forms: <br/>
                    An indirect reference to an annotation dictionary <br/>
                    A text string giving the fully qualified field name of an interactive form field whose associated widget annotation or annotations are to be affected (see [12.7.3.2], “Field Names”) <br/>
                    An array of such dictionaries or text strings
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**H**</td>
                <td>boolean</td>
                <td>(Optional) A flag indicating whether to hide the annotation (**true**) or show it (**false**). Default value: **true**.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>


### 12.6.4.11 命名动作

**12.6.4.11 Named Actions**

=== "中文"

    Table 211 lists several *named actions* (PDF 1.2) that conforming readers shall support; further names may be added in the future.
    
    <table id="table211" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 211 – Named actions**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Name**</th>
                <th>**Action**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**NextPage**</td>
                <td>Go to the next page of the document.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**PrevPage**</td>
                <td>Go to the previous page of the document.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**FirstPage**</td>
                <td>Go to the first page of the document.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**LastPage**</td>
                <td>Go to the last page of the document..</td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    !!! note "NOTE"
    
        Conforming readers may support additional, nonstandard named actions, but any document using them is not portable. If the viewer encounters a named action that is inappropriate for a viewing platform, or if the viewer does not recognize the name, it shall take no action.
    
    Table 212 shows the action dictionary entries specific to named actions.
    
    <table id="table212" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 212 – Additional entries specific to named actions**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be **Named** for a named action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**N**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The name of the action that shall be performed (see [Table 211](#table211)).
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>

=== "英文"

    Table 211 lists several *named actions* (PDF 1.2) that conforming readers shall support; further names may be added in the future.
    
    <table id="table211" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 211 – Named actions**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Name**</th>
                <th>**Action**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**NextPage**</td>
                <td>Go to the next page of the document.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**PrevPage**</td>
                <td>Go to the previous page of the document.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**FirstPage**</td>
                <td>Go to the first page of the document.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**LastPage**</td>
                <td>Go to the last page of the document..</td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    !!! note "NOTE"
    
        Conforming readers may support additional, nonstandard named actions, but any document using them is not portable. If the viewer encounters a named action that is inappropriate for a viewing platform, or if the viewer does not recognize the name, it shall take no action.
    
    Table 212 shows the action dictionary entries specific to named actions.
    
    <table id="table212" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 212 – Additional entries specific to named actions**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be **Named** for a named action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**N**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The name of the action that shall be performed (see [Table 211](#table211)).
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>


### 12.6.4.12 设置 OCG 状态操作

**12.6.4.12 Set-OCG-State Actions**

=== "中文"

    A set-OCG-state action (PDF 1.5) sets the state of one or more optional content groups (see [8.11], “Optional Content”). Table 213 shows the action dictionary entries specific to this type of action.
        
    <table id="table213" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 213 – Additional entries specific to a set-OCG-state action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be **SetOCGState** for a set-OCG-state action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**State**</td>
                <td>array</td>
                <td>(Required) An array consisting of any number of sequences beginning with a name object (**ON**, **OFF**, or **Toggle**) followed by one or more optional content group dictionaries. The array elements shall be processed from left to right; each name shall be applied to the subsequent groups until the next name is encountered: <br/>
                ON &emsp; sets the state of subsequent groups to ON <br/>
                OFF &emsp; sets the state of subsequent groups to OFF <br/>
                Toggle &emsp; reverses the state of subsequent groups.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**PreserveRB**</td>
                <td>boolean</td>
                <td>(Optional) If **true**, indicates that radio-button state relationships between optional content groups (as specified by the **RBGroups** entry in the current configuration dictionary; see Table 101) should be preserved when the states in the **State** array are applied. That is, if a group is set to **ON** (either by **ON** or **Toggle**) during processing of the **State** array, any other groups belonging to the same radio-button group shall be turned OFF. If a group is set to **OFF**, there is no effect on other groups. <br/>
                If **PreserveRB** is **false**, radio-button state relationships, if any, shall be ignored. <br/>
                Default value: true.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    When a set-OCG-state action is performed, the **State** array shall be processed from left to right. Each name
    shall be applied to subsequent groups in the array until the next name is encountered, as shown in the
    following example.
    
    !!! info "EXAMPLE 1"
        
        ```text
        << /S /SetOCGState
           /State [/OFF 2 0 R 3 0 R /Toggle 16 0 R 19 0 R /ON 5 0 R]
        >>
        ```
    
    A group may appear more than once in the **State** array; its state shall be set each time it is encountered, based
    on the most recent name. **ON**, **OFF** and **Toggle** sequences have no required order. More than one sequence in
    the array may contain the same name.
    
    
    !!! info "EXAMPLE 2"
    
        If the array contained `[/OFF 1 0 R /Toggle 1 0 R]`, the group’s state would be **ON** after the action was performed.
    
    !!! note "NOTE"
    
        While the specification allows a group to appear more than once in the ***State*** array, this is not intended to implement animation or any other sequential drawing operations. PDF processing applications are free to accumulate all state changes and apply only the net changes simultaneously to all affected groups before redrawing.

=== "英文"

    A set-OCG-state action (PDF 1.5) sets the state of one or more optional content groups (see [8.11], “Optional Content”). Table 213 shows the action dictionary entries specific to this type of action.
        
    <table id="table213" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 213 – Additional entries specific to a set-OCG-state action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be **SetOCGState** for a set-OCG-state action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**State**</td>
                <td>array</td>
                <td>(Required) An array consisting of any number of sequences beginning with a name object (**ON**, **OFF**, or **Toggle**) followed by one or more optional content group dictionaries. The array elements shall be processed from left to right; each name shall be applied to the subsequent groups until the next name is encountered: <br/>
                ON &emsp; sets the state of subsequent groups to ON <br/>
                OFF &emsp; sets the state of subsequent groups to OFF <br/>
                Toggle &emsp; reverses the state of subsequent groups.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**PreserveRB**</td>
                <td>boolean</td>
                <td>(Optional) If **true**, indicates that radio-button state relationships between optional content groups (as specified by the **RBGroups** entry in the current configuration dictionary; see Table 101) should be preserved when the states in the **State** array are applied. That is, if a group is set to **ON** (either by **ON** or **Toggle**) during processing of the **State** array, any other groups belonging to the same radio-button group shall be turned OFF. If a group is set to **OFF**, there is no effect on other groups. <br/>
                If **PreserveRB** is **false**, radio-button state relationships, if any, shall be ignored. <br/>
                Default value: true.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    When a set-OCG-state action is performed, the **State** array shall be processed from left to right. Each name
    shall be applied to subsequent groups in the array until the next name is encountered, as shown in the
    following example.
    
    !!! info "EXAMPLE 1"
        
        ```text
        << /S /SetOCGState
           /State [/OFF 2 0 R 3 0 R /Toggle 16 0 R 19 0 R /ON 5 0 R]
        >>
        ```
    
    A group may appear more than once in the **State** array; its state shall be set each time it is encountered, based
    on the most recent name. **ON**, **OFF** and **Toggle** sequences have no required order. More than one sequence in
    the array may contain the same name.
    
    
    !!! info "EXAMPLE 2"
    
        If the array contained `[/OFF 1 0 R /Toggle 1 0 R]`, the group’s state would be **ON** after the action was performed.
    
    !!! note "NOTE"
    
        While the specification allows a group to appear more than once in the ***State*** array, this is not intended to implement animation or any other sequential drawing operations. PDF processing applications are free to accumulate all state changes and apply only the net changes simultaneously to all affected groups before redrawing.

### 12.6.4.13 演绎行动

**12.6.4.13 Rendition Actions**

=== "中文"

    A *rendition action* (PDF 1.5) controls the playing of multimedia content (see [13.2], “Multimedia”). This action may be used in the following ways:
    
    - To begin the playing of a rendition object (see [13.2.3], “Renditions”), associating it with a screen annotation (see [12.5.6.18], “Screen Annotations”). The screen annotation specifies where the rendition shall be played unless otherwise specified.
    - To stop, pause, or resume a playing rendition.
    - To trigger the execution of a JavaScript script that may perform custom operations. Table 214 lists the entries in a rendition action dictionary.
        
    <table id="table214" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 214 – Additional entries specific to a rendition action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be Rendition for a rendition action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**R**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Required when **OP** is present with a value of 0 or 4; otherwise optional) A rendition object (see [13.2.3], “Renditions”).
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**AN**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Required if OP is present with a value of 0, 1, 2, 3 or 4; otherwise optional) An indirect reference to a screen annotation (see [12.5.6.18], “Screen Annotations”).
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**OP**</td>
                <td>integer</td>
                <td>(Required if JS is not present; otherwise optional) The operation to perform when the action is triggered. Valid values shall be: <br/>
                <ul>
                    <li>0 &emsp;<p>If no rendition is associated with the annotation specified by **AN**, play the rendition specified by **R**, associating it with the annotation. If a rendition is already associated with the annotation, it shall be stopped, and the new rendition shall be associated with the annotation.</p></li>
                    <li>1 &emsp;<p>Stop any rendition being played in association with the annotation specified by **AN**, and remove the association. If no rendition is being played, there is no effect.</p></li>
                    <li>2 &emsp;<p>Pause any rendition being played in association with the annotation specified by **AN**. If no rendition is being played, there is no effect.</p></li>
                    <li>3 &emsp;<p>Resume any rendition being played in association with the annotation specified by **AN**. If no rendition is being played or the rendition is not paused, there is no effect.</p></li>
                    <li>4 &emsp;<p>Play the rendition specified by **R**, associating it with the annotation specified by AN. If a rendition is already associated with the annotation, resume the rendition if it is paused; otherwise, do nothing.</p></li>
                </ul>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**JS**</td>
                <td>text string or stream</td>
                <td>(Required if **OP** is not present; otherwise optional) A text string or stream containing a JavaScript script that shall be executed when the action is triggered.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    Either the **JS** entry or the **OP** entry shall be present. If both are present, **OP** is considered a fallback that shall be executed if the conforming reader is unable to execute JavaScripts. If **OP** has an unrecognized value and there is no **JS** entry, the action is invalid.
    
    In some situations, a pause (**OP** value of 2) or resume (**OP** value of 3) operation may not make sense or the player may not support it. In such cases, the user should be notified of the failure to perform the operation.
    
    !!! info "EXAMPLE"
        
        A JPEG image
    
    Before a rendition action is executed, the conforming reader shall make sure that the **P** entry of the screen annotation dictionary references a valid page object and that the annotation is present in the page object’s **Annots** array (see [Table 30](../c7/s7.md#table30)).
    
    A rendition may play in the rectangle occupied by a screen annotation, even if the annotation itself is not visible; for example, if its Hidden or NoView flags (see [Table 165](./s5.md#table165)) are set. If a screen annotation is not visible because its location on the page is not being displayed by the viewer, the rendition is not visible. However, it may become visible if the view changes, such as by scrolling.

=== "英文"

    A *rendition action* (PDF 1.5) controls the playing of multimedia content (see [13.2], “Multimedia”). This action may be used in the following ways:
    
    - To begin the playing of a rendition object (see [13.2.3], “Renditions”), associating it with a screen annotation (see [12.5.6.18], “Screen Annotations”). The screen annotation specifies where the rendition shall be played unless otherwise specified.
    - To stop, pause, or resume a playing rendition.
    - To trigger the execution of a JavaScript script that may perform custom operations. Table 214 lists the entries in a rendition action dictionary.
        
    <table id="table214" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 214 – Additional entries specific to a rendition action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be Rendition for a rendition action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**R**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Required when **OP** is present with a value of 0 or 4; otherwise optional) A rendition object (see [13.2.3], “Renditions”).
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**AN**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Required if OP is present with a value of 0, 1, 2, 3 or 4; otherwise optional) An indirect reference to a screen annotation (see [12.5.6.18], “Screen Annotations”).
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**OP**</td>
                <td>integer</td>
                <td>(Required if JS is not present; otherwise optional) The operation to perform when the action is triggered. Valid values shall be: <br/>
                <ul>
                    <li>0 &emsp;<p>If no rendition is associated with the annotation specified by **AN**, play the rendition specified by **R**, associating it with the annotation. If a rendition is already associated with the annotation, it shall be stopped, and the new rendition shall be associated with the annotation.</p></li>
                    <li>1 &emsp;<p>Stop any rendition being played in association with the annotation specified by **AN**, and remove the association. If no rendition is being played, there is no effect.</p></li>
                    <li>2 &emsp;<p>Pause any rendition being played in association with the annotation specified by **AN**. If no rendition is being played, there is no effect.</p></li>
                    <li>3 &emsp;<p>Resume any rendition being played in association with the annotation specified by **AN**. If no rendition is being played or the rendition is not paused, there is no effect.</p></li>
                    <li>4 &emsp;<p>Play the rendition specified by **R**, associating it with the annotation specified by AN. If a rendition is already associated with the annotation, resume the rendition if it is paused; otherwise, do nothing.</p></li>
                </ul>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**JS**</td>
                <td>text string or stream</td>
                <td>(Required if **OP** is not present; otherwise optional) A text string or stream containing a JavaScript script that shall be executed when the action is triggered.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    Either the **JS** entry or the **OP** entry shall be present. If both are present, **OP** is considered a fallback that shall be executed if the conforming reader is unable to execute JavaScripts. If **OP** has an unrecognized value and there is no **JS** entry, the action is invalid.
    
    In some situations, a pause (**OP** value of 2) or resume (**OP** value of 3) operation may not make sense or the player may not support it. In such cases, the user should be notified of the failure to perform the operation.
    
    !!! info "EXAMPLE"
        
        A JPEG image
    
    Before a rendition action is executed, the conforming reader shall make sure that the **P** entry of the screen annotation dictionary references a valid page object and that the annotation is present in the page object’s **Annots** array (see [Table 30](../c7/s7.md#table30)).
    
    A rendition may play in the rectangle occupied by a screen annotation, even if the annotation itself is not visible; for example, if its Hidden or NoView flags (see [Table 165](./s5.md#table165)) are set. If a screen annotation is not visible because its location on the page is not being displayed by the viewer, the rendition is not visible. However, it may become visible if the view changes, such as by scrolling.

### 12.6.4.14 过渡行动

**12.6.4.14 Transition Actions**

=== "中文"

    A transition action (PDF 1.5) may be used to control drawing during a sequence of actions. As discussed in [12.6.2], “Action Dictionaries,” the **Next** entry in an action dictionary may specify a sequence of actions. Conforming readers shall normally suspend drawing when such a sequence begins and resume drawing when it ends. If a transition action is present during a sequence, the conforming reader shall render the state of the page viewing area as it exists after completion of the previous action and display it using a transition specified in the action dictionary (see Table 215). Once this transition completes, drawing shall be suspended again.
        
    <table id="table215" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 215 – Additional entries specific to a transition action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be **Trans** for a transition action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Trans**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Required) The transition to use for the update of the display (see [Table 162](./s4.md#table162)).
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>

=== "英文"

    A transition action (PDF 1.5) may be used to control drawing during a sequence of actions. As discussed in [12.6.2], “Action Dictionaries,” the **Next** entry in an action dictionary may specify a sequence of actions. Conforming readers shall normally suspend drawing when such a sequence begins and resume drawing when it ends. If a transition action is present during a sequence, the conforming reader shall render the state of the page viewing area as it exists after completion of the previous action and display it using a transition specified in the action dictionary (see Table 215). Once this transition completes, drawing shall be suspended again.
        
    <table id="table215" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 215 – Additional entries specific to a transition action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be **Trans** for a transition action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**Trans**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Required) The transition to use for the update of the display (see [Table 162](./s4.md#table162)).
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>


### 12.6.4.15 进入 3D 视图操作

**12.6.4.15 Go-To-3D-View Actions**

=== "中文"

    A go-to-3D-view action (PDF 1.6) identifies a 3D annotation and specifies a view for the annotation to use (see [13.6], “3D Artwork”). Table 216 shows the entries in a go-to-3D-view action dictionary.
            
    <table id="table216" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 216 – Additional entries specific to a go-to-3D-view action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be **GoTo3DView** for a transition action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**TA**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Required) The target annotation for which to set the view.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**V**</td>
                <td>(various)</td>
                <td>(Required) The view to use. It may be one of the following types: <br/>
                    A 3D view dictionary (see [13.6.4], “3D Views”). <br/>
                    An integer specifying an index into the **VA** array in the 3D stream (see [Table 300](../c13/s6.md#table300)). <br/>
                    A text string matching the **IN** entry in one of the views in the **VA** array (see [Table 304](../c13/s6.md#table304)). <br/>
                    A name that indicates the first (**F**), last (**L**), next (**N**), previous (**P**), or default (**D**) entries in the **VA** array; see discussion following this Table.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    The **V** entry selects the view to apply to the annotation specified by **TA**. This view may be one of the predefined views specified by the **VA** entry of the 3D stream (see [Table 300](../c13/s6.md#table300)) or a unique view specified here.
    
    If the predefined view is specified by the names **N** (next) or **P** (previous), it should be interpreted in the following way:
    
    - When the last view applied was specified by means of the **VA** array, **N** and **P** indicate the next and previous entries, respectively, in the **VA** array (wrapping around if necessary).
    - When the last view was not specified by means of **VA**, using **N** or **P** should result in reverting to the default view.

=== "英文"

    A go-to-3D-view action (PDF 1.6) identifies a 3D annotation and specifies a view for the annotation to use (see [13.6], “3D Artwork”). Table 216 shows the entries in a go-to-3D-view action dictionary.
            
    <table id="table216" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 216 – Additional entries specific to a go-to-3D-view action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be **GoTo3DView** for a transition action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**TA**</td>
                <td>dictionary</td>
                <td>(Required) The target annotation for which to set the view.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**V**</td>
                <td>(various)</td>
                <td>(Required) The view to use. It may be one of the following types: <br/>
                    A 3D view dictionary (see [13.6.4], “3D Views”). <br/>
                    An integer specifying an index into the **VA** array in the 3D stream (see [Table 300](../c13/s6.md#table300)). <br/>
                    A text string matching the **IN** entry in one of the views in the **VA** array (see [Table 304](../c13/s6.md#table304)). <br/>
                    A name that indicates the first (**F**), last (**L**), next (**N**), previous (**P**), or default (**D**) entries in the **VA** array; see discussion following this Table.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    The **V** entry selects the view to apply to the annotation specified by **TA**. This view may be one of the predefined views specified by the **VA** entry of the 3D stream (see [Table 300](../c13/s6.md#table300)) or a unique view specified here.
    
    If the predefined view is specified by the names **N** (next) or **P** (previous), it should be interpreted in the following way:
    
    - When the last view applied was specified by means of the **VA** array, **N** and **P** indicate the next and previous entries, respectively, in the **VA** array (wrapping around if necessary).
    - When the last view was not specified by means of **VA**, using **N** or **P** should result in reverting to the default view.

### 12.6.4.16 JavaScript 动作

**12.6.4.16 JavaScript Actions**

=== "中文"

    Upon invocation of a JavaScript action, a conforming processor shall execute a script that is written in the JavaScript programming language. Depending on the nature of the script, various interactive form fields in the document may update their values or change their visual appearances. Mozilla Development Center’s Client- Side JavaScript Reference and the Adobe JavaScript for Acrobat API Reference (see the Bibliography) give details on the contents and effects of JavaScript scripts. Table 217 shows the action dictionary entries specific to this type of action.
            
    <table id="table217" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 217 – Additional entries specific to a JavaScript action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be JavaScript for a JavaScript action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**JS**</td>
                <td>text string or text stream</td>
                <td>(Required) A text string or text stream containing the JavaScript script to be executed. <br/>
                    **PDFDocEncoding** or Unicode encoding (the latter identified by the Unicode prefix U+ FEFF) shall be used to encode the contents of the string or stream.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    To support the use of parameterized function calls in JavaScript scripts, the **JavaScript** entry in a PDF document’s name dictionary (see [7.7.4], “Name Dictionary”) may contain a name tree that maps name strings to document-level JavaScript actions. When the document is opened, all of the actions in this name tree shall be executed, defining JavaScript functions for use by other scripts in the document.
    
    !!! note "NOTE"
    
        The name strings associated with individual JavaScript actions in the name dictionary serve merely as a convenient means for organizing and packaging scripts. The names are arbitrary and need not bear any relation to the JavaScript name space.

=== "英文"

    Upon invocation of a JavaScript action, a conforming processor shall execute a script that is written in the JavaScript programming language. Depending on the nature of the script, various interactive form fields in the document may update their values or change their visual appearances. Mozilla Development Center’s Client- Side JavaScript Reference and the Adobe JavaScript for Acrobat API Reference (see the Bibliography) give details on the contents and effects of JavaScript scripts. Table 217 shows the action dictionary entries specific to this type of action.
            
    <table id="table217" markdown="span">
        <caption>**Table 217 – Additional entries specific to a JavaScript action**</caption>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>**Key**</th>
                <th>**Type**</th>
                <th>**Value**</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>**S**</td>
                <td>name</td>
                <td>(Required) The type of action that this dictionary describes; shall be JavaScript for a JavaScript action.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>**JS**</td>
                <td>text string or text stream</td>
                <td>(Required) A text string or text stream containing the JavaScript script to be executed. <br/>
                    **PDFDocEncoding** or Unicode encoding (the latter identified by the Unicode prefix U+ FEFF) shall be used to encode the contents of the string or stream.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    
    To support the use of parameterized function calls in JavaScript scripts, the **JavaScript** entry in a PDF document’s name dictionary (see [7.7.4], “Name Dictionary”) may contain a name tree that maps name strings to document-level JavaScript actions. When the document is opened, all of the actions in this name tree shall be executed, defining JavaScript functions for use by other scripts in the document.
    
    !!! note "NOTE"
    
        The name strings associated with individual JavaScript actions in the name dictionary serve merely as a convenient means for organizing and packaging scripts. The names are arbitrary and need not bear any relation to the JavaScript name space.

[8.11]: ../c8/s11.md
[13.2]: ../c13/s2.md
[13.3]: ../c13/s3.md
[13.4]: ../c13/s4.md
[13.6]: ../c13/s6.md

[7.7.2]: ../c7/s7.md#772-文档目录
[7.7.4]: ../c7/s7.md#774-名称字典
[7.11.4]: ../c7/s11.md#7114-嵌入式文件流
[12.3.2]: ../c12/s3.md#1232-目的地
[12.4.3]: ../c12/s4.md#1243-文章
[12.5.3]: ../c12/s5.md#1253-注解标志
[12.5.5]: ../c12/s5.md#1255-外观流
[12.6.2]: ../c12/s6.md#1262-行为字典
[12.6.3]: ../c12/s6.md#1263-触发事件
[12.6.4]: ../c12/s6.md#1264-操作类型
[12.7.2]: ../c12/s7.md#1272-交互式表格词典
[12.7.7]: ../c12/s7.md#1277-表单数据格式
[13.2.3]: ../c13/s2.md#1323-演绎版

[12.3.2.2]: ../c12/s3.md#12322-明确目的地
[12.5.6.15]: ../c12/s5.md#125615-文件附件注解
[12.5.6.17]: ../c12/s5.md#125617-视频注解
[12.5.6.18]: ../c12/s5.md#125618-屏幕注解

[12.6.4.2]: ./s6.md#12642-操作指南
[12.6.4.3]: ./s6.md#12643-远程操作
[12.6.4.4]: ./s6.md#12644-嵌入式操作
[12.6.4.5]: ./s6.md#12645-启动操作
[12.6.4.6]: ./s6.md#12646-主题操作
[12.6.4.7]: ./s6.md#12647-uri-操作
[12.6.4.8]: ./s6.md#12648-声音动作
[12.6.4.9]: ./s6.md#12649-影片动作
[12.6.4.10]: ./s6.md#126410-隐藏操作
[12.6.4.11]: ./s6.md#126411-命名动作
[12.6.4.12]: ./s6.md#126412-设置-ocg-状态操作
[12.6.4.13]: ./s6.md#126413-演绎行动
[12.6.4.14]: ./s6.md#126414-过渡行动
[12.6.4.15]: ./s6.md#126415-进入-3d-视图操作
[12.6.4.16]: ./s6.md#126416-javascript-动作
[12.7.3.2]: ./s7.md#12732-字段名称
[12.7.4.2]: ./s7.md#12742-按钮字段
[12.7.5.2]: ./s7.md#12752-提交表单操作
[12.7.5.3]: ./s7.md#12753-重置表单操作
[12.7.5.4]: ./s7.md#12754-导入数据操作